Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
(PEACEFUL NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
(WAVES LAPPING)
(WIND WHOOSHES)
(BRIGHT MUSIC PLAYS)
(HORN BLOWS)
Oh.
(BELL CLANGS)
(CHUCKLES)
(SHIP HORN BLOWS)
(RUMBLING)
Ah!
ANNOUNCER: Please keep
all limbs and branches inside.
(BELL CLANGS)
(BUBBLING)
Oh. I believe
this is yours.
Oh, thanks.
(SOFT WHIRRING)
(CHATTERING)
(BABY CRYING)
(BRIGHT MUSIC CONTINUES)
(CHILDREN GIGGLING)
MAN: (OVER PA SYSTEM)
Welcome to Element City.
Please have your documents
ready for inspection.
IMMIGRATION OFFICIAL: Next.
Your names?
(BOTH SPEAKING FIRISH)
Great.
And how do we
spell that?
(ROARING, HISSING)
(GROWLS)
How about we just go
with Bernie and Cinder?
Welcome
to Element City.
(BRIGHT MUSIC RESUMES)
VENDOR: Hot logs.
Hot logs for sale.
(ENGINE PUTTERING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(CHUCKLES)
(CHILD 1 WHIMPERING)
CHILD 2: Yay!
Cantankerous guy...
(GRUNTS)
Hey, watch it,
Sparky!
(TRAIN HORN BLARES)
(PASSENGERS GRUNT)
(CINDER GRUNTS)
(BERNIE GASPS)
(GULPS)
(CINDER EXHALES)
(GROWLS) Water.
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
(FIRE ROARS SOFTLY)
Dry leaves.
(BERNIE GROANS)
(DOORBELL RINGS)
(GASPS, BLOWING)
MAN: Hmm.
(SIGHS)
(GASPS)
(BLISSFUL FUSION
MUSIC PLAYING)
(BERNIE GASPS)
(SPEAKING FIRISH)
(WATER DRIPS)
(LAUGHS)
(CONTINUES
SPEAKING FIRISH)
(LAUGHS, SHOUTS)
(THUD)
(IN ENGLISH)
I'm okay.
(BABY CRYING)
(BOTH SPEAKING FIRISH)
(GIGGLES)
Aw.
(BABBLES)
(GASPS)
(SNEEZES)
Mm. (LAUGHING)
Welcome, my Ember,
to your new life.
(INTRIGUING NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYS)
Our Blue Flame hold
all our traditions
and give us strength
to burn bright.
(HISSES)
(POP)
(LAUGHS)
(CHUCKLES)
Do I burn
as bright?
(GRUNTING)
(GIGGLES)
One, two, one,
two, one, two.
(GRUNTING)
Aah!
(BRIGHT MUSIC PLAYING)
This shop
is dream
of our family.
Someday it'll all
be yours.
(BELL JINGLES)
Welcome.
Everything here
authentic.
Then I've got
to try the kol-nuts.
Kol-nuts,
coming up.
Kol-nut,
(PATRON AND BERNIE LAUGH)
Good daughter.
(CRINKLING)
Someday this shop
will all be mine.
(PATRON AND BERNIE LAUGH)
When you are ready.
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(UPBEAT FUSION MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINE PUTTERING)
(KNOCK ON DOOR)
BOTH: Delivery!
Two sugar pops,
please.
I got it, Ashfa.
(SQUELCHES)
(BLOWS)
(GIGGLES)
(CRUNCHES)
Hey!
(BELL JINGLES)
Oh!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Water. Keep an eye
on them.
Oops. (LAUGHS)
Oops.
You splash it,
you buy it.
(BOTH GASPING,
SHOUTING)
(BOYS COUGHING)
You showed
them, huh?
Nobody waters
down Fire.
Yeah! (SHOUTS IN FIRISH)
(LAUGHING)
Can the shop
be mine now?
When you are ready.
The truth is...
She's not
in love with him.
...I'm not
in love with you.
(PATRONS GASP)
Ha! Knew it.
(BERNIE GRUNTING)
(EMBER PANTING)
(GROANS)
Ashfa, customer.
How about you
take it today?
For real?
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(GREETS IN FIRISH)
How can I help you?
All of this and the...
Oh! The sparklers are
buy one, get one free?
That's right.
Great!
I'll just take
the free one.
Oh, no, see...
(CHUCKLES)
you need
to buy one to get
one free. (BLOWS)
But I just want
the free one.
Sorry, that's not
how this works.
(BLOWS)
But the customer
is always right.
Not in this case.
Nope. (BLOWS)
Nope. Nope. Nope.
Nope. (BLOWING)
Just give me
one for free!
That's not
how this works!
(PATRONS GASP)
(OBJECTS CLATTER)
Oh! (CHUCKLES, BLOWS)
Happy birthday.
(EMBER GRUNTS)
What just happened?
Why you lose temper?
I don't know.
He was pushing,
and pushing, and it just...
Calm, calm.
Sometimes customer
can be tough.
Just take breath...
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
and make connection.
When you can do that
and not lose temper,
then you will be ready
to take over shop.
This is too expensive,
and that is not
made in Fire Land.
They weren't crunchy and...
EMBER: Take breath.
...there wasn't enough sauce.
Make connection.
(EXHALES) Take breath.
(VOICE RISING) Take breath.
Make connection.
Take breath. Make connection!
(PATRONS EXCLAIM)
(WOMAN SHOUTS)
(OBJECT CLATTERS)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY) Sorry.
Sorry about that.
Sorry, sorry.
She almost
went full purple.
I've never seen anyone
go full purple.
Sorry, everyone.
Oh, please forgive
my daughter.
She burn bright,
but sometimes too bright. Eh?
(BLOWS) Nice hat,
by the way.
Let me make you
a new batch.
On the house.
Okay. (LAUGHS NERVOUSLY)
Sorry, Ashfa.
I don't know why that one
got away from me.
Oh, you are tense
because of big
Red Dot Sale tomorrow.
(GRUNTS)
It has us all in a broil.
I guess.
(CLANKS)
It's just that some
of these customers,
they get me all... (GROWLS)
I know. I know.
Just do what we practice.
You are so good
at everything else.
You're right. I'll get it.
I just want you to rest.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(BLOWS)
(GLASS BUBBLES)
Mm-hmm.
Done.
(GRUNTING)
(COUGHING)
You okay?
Just tired.
Let me help.
(BERNIE COUGHING)
Bernie, that cough
is terrible!
Almost as terrible
as your cooking!
(ALL LAUGHING)
E shutsh...
When you gonna put Ember
out of her misery
and retire, huh?
Finally put her
name on the sign
out there?
Ah. She take over
when she's ready.
And speaking
of ready,
we are more than ready
for you to actually
buy something
if you'd ever get up
off your lazy ash.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Oh, burn!
But she is so close.
I mean, she'll probably
never do deliveries
as quick as me.
You don't think
that I can beat your record?
Because I have been
taking it easy on you,
so I don't hurt...
(TIMER CLICKS)
...your feelings,
Mr. Smokestack.
(PATRONS LAUGHING)
But game on.
CINDER: Before I see
if you are a match,
I splash this
on your heart
to bring love
to the surface.
(BOTH GRUNT)
And I will read
the smoke.
(SOOTHING NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
(SNIFFING)
(WOMAN GASPS)
Ember,
I'm doing a reading.
Sorry, got to grab some stuff.
Going for Dad's record.
So, are we a match?
It's true love.
(BOTH SIGH IN RELIEF)
Which is more than I ever
smelled on this one.
Oh, goody,
this old chestnut.
(GRUNTS)
(SNIFFING)
Yep. Nothing.
Just a loveless,
sad future of sadness.
Ember, work with me.
(SIGHS)
Your finding match
was my mother's dying wish.
Promise me one thing,
marry Fire.
(GROANS)
(CRACKLES)
Nice try, Mom.
Got to go.
(COUPLE KISSING NOISILY)
Save it for the wedding.
Hey.
(PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
Yo, yo, yo, Ember.
Yo, Clod.
Can't talk, in a hurry.
And don't let my dad
catch you out here again.
What? Come on, he doesn't
like my landscaping?
(GROANS)
Anyway, June Bloom
is coming
and you just got to be my date
'cause check it out.
I'm all grown up.
(SNIFFS) And I smell good.
Ow. My queen.
Sorry, buddy,
elements don't mix. (GASPS)
(TIMER TICKING)
Flame. Gotta go.
Come on, go to the festival
with me.
You never leave
this part of town.
That's because
everything I need
is right here.
(TRAIN HORN BLOWS)
(CLOD MOANS HAPPILY)
EMBER: Plus, the city
isn't made with Fire people
in mind.
Sorry, but it'd take
an act of God
to get me across that bridge.
An act of God?
(IN FLIRTY TONE)
Or an act of Clod?
(HIP-HOP FUSION SONG PLAYS)
Gotta run.
(ENGINE ACCELERATES)
(TIRES SCREECH)
Ah.
Oh.
(CHUCKLES)
(CHUCKLES HAPPILY)
(TIRES SCREECH)
As ordered.
Ooh.
Aw...
(GULPING)
(BURPS, GIGGLES)
(BEAT DROPS)
Gotta run.
Going for Dad's record.
Move it!
(ENGINE REVVING)
(SPEAKING FIRISH)
(CHILDREN CHEERING)
(HIP-HOP FUSION
SONG CONTINUES)
(BELL JINGLES)
Ha-ha!
(IN SINGSONG)
Winner winner,
charcoal dinner...
(GASPS)
(SNORING SOFTLY)
(TRANQUIL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BELL JINGLES SOFTLY)
(COUGHING)
Head to bed,
I'll close things up.
Still have much
to prepare for Red Dot Sale.
Dad, I'll take
care of it.
You need to rest.
(TIMER RINGING)
(DINGS)
How?
I learned
from the best.
(BOTH LAUGH)
(COUGHS)
(SIGHS) I am old.
I can't do this forever.
Now that you've
beaten my time,
there's only one thing
you haven't done.
Tomorrow I sleep in
and I want you to run shop
for Red Dot Sale.
Seriously? By myself?
If you can do that
without losing your temper,
it will show me
you are able to take over.
You got it, Ashfa.
I won't let you down, I swear.
You'll see.
BERNIE: Mm.
Good daughter.
Yes! (SQUEALS, GIGGLES)
Blue Flame, please,
let this go my way.
(VEHICLE PUTTERING)
(HORN HONKS)
WOMAN: Good morning!
MAN: Morning!
EMBER: Take a breath.
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
Calm as a candle.
(PATRONS CLAMORING)
Morning, welcome
to The Fireplace.
Whew!
(GRUNTING)
Whoa, whoa.
They're all the same.
Just take one from the top.
(GRUNTS)
Thanks for shopping.
(GRUNTS) So many
stickers for sale.
Are these fragile?
No, wait.
(OBJECTS CLATTER, SMASH)
(STIFLED SCREAM)
You have to pay
before you eat.
MAN 1: Uh, what's
your return policy?
MAN 2: Does this come
in a large?
(HUFFING)
(PATRONS CLAMORING)
Take breath.
My dad broke this.
Make connection.
Mind if I test this kettle?
(KETTLE WHISTLING)
(HUFFING RAPIDLY)
(MUFFLED GRUNT)
Be back
in five minutes.
(MUFFLED GRUNTING)
(GASPING RAPIDLY)
(SCREAMS)
(PANTING)
(RATTLING)
(RATTLING CONTINUES)
Huh?
(GASPS, GRUNTING)
(UPTEMPO INDIAN CLASSICAL
MUSIC PLAYING)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
(STRAINING)
(PANTING)
Oh, no, no,
no, no, no.
Stupid temper.
Not today.
(GRUNTS, GULPS)
What is wrong
with me?
(BUBBLING)
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(BREATHING HEAVILY)
(SOBBING)
What the...?
What a happy family.
(SNIFFLES)
Is that you
and your dad?
I love dads. (GASPS)
And it's your birthday.
(SOBS)
Who are you?
What are you
doing here?
I don't know.
I was searching
for a leak
on the other side
of the river
and got sucked in.
This is bad,
I can't lose another job.
I just can't seem
to find my flow.
(BUBBLING)
Dang!
(GROANS)
That pipe squished me
all out of shape.
(GURGLES)
That's better.
Dude, just get
out of here.
I gotta clean this
mess before my dad
sees what I did.
Ooh...
Actually...
I'm afraid I'm gonna
have to write you a ticket.
A ticket?
Yeah.
I'm a city inspector,
and this pipe is definitely
not up to code.
I sucked a city inspector
into our pipes?
I know. Ironic, right?
(CLANKING)
Stop messing with that.
Well, I need
to make sure it's solid.
Everything's solid.
I should know.
My dad rebuilt
this place himself.
Wait, your dad did?
Yes, with his bare hands,
every brick and board.
It was a ruin
when he found it.
Wow. He did all
of this himself?
Without permits?
Uh... (GULPS)
I'm gonna have
to write that up too.
First, I'm sucked
into a pipe
and now I have
to write citations
that could get this place
shut down.
Oh, gosh.
It's just too much.
Shut us down?
I know, it's awful.
No, you can't
shut us down, please.
This is a big day for me.
It's our Red Dot Sale.
Hey, take it easy.
This is as hard on me
as it is on you.
Get back here.
Sorry.
I got to get these
to City Hall
before the end
of my shift.
(GRUNTS, GROANS)
Flame.
(UPTEMPO FUSION
MUSIC PLAYING)
Get back here.
Hmm?
(GROANS, PANTING)
WOMAN: Huh?
ANNOUNCER: Next stop,
Element City.
(SIGHS)
(SIREN WAILS IN DISTANCE)
(TRAIN HORN BLOWS)
(GROANS)
(HUFFS RAPIDLY, GROANS)
(GRUNTS)
(UPBEAT FUSION MUSIC PLAYING)
(PANTING)
(GASPS)
(PASSENGERS CHATTERING)
(TRAIN RATTLES)
(GRUNTS) Whoa!
(GASPS)
Hey!
Sorry.
(UPBEAT FUSION MUSIC
CONTINUES)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(EXCLAIMS, BREATHES HEAVILY)
Hey! (SHUDDERS)
Huh?
What the...?
(TRAIN HORN BLOWS)
ANNOUNCER:
This stop, City Hall.
Uh... (GASPING)
Hands off!
(GROANS) Ooh.
MAN: Hey!
Sorry.
(ENGINES WHIRRING)
Ugh.
Stop!
(GRUNTING)
Hey!
(SHOUTS, GRUNTS)
Stop.
(HORN BLARES)
(GROANS) My new jacket.
(GROANS)
Whoa!
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
(CHILDREN EXCLAIM)
(GROANS)
(PEOPLE GASP)
(SHOUTS)
(GASPS)
(EMBER GASPS)
(PANTING)
(HUFFS RAPIDLY,
GRUNTING)
(BOTH PANTING RAPIDLY)
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(HORN BLARES)
(TIRES SCREECH)
MAN IN TRUCK: Hey!
Huh? My chili oil!
(YELPS)
(EMBER PANTING)
Come on, guy.
You can't get
through this.
So, it is time
to hand them over.
Oh, boy,
I'm sorry.
This is gonna be
really disappointing for you.
Oh, no, no, no,
no, no, no.
No, no, no,
Sorry.
Please...
No. (GROANS)
You don't understand.
Whoa.
EMBER: This shop
is my dad's dream.
If I'm the reason
it gets shut down,
it will kill him.
Oh.
He will never trust me
to take over.
Why didn't you
say that before?
(CLEARS THROAT)
Wait, does that mean
you'll tear up the tickets?
I mean, I would,
but I just sent them over
to the processing department.
(GROANS FRUSTRATEDLY)
But I can take you there
so you can plead your case.
(TUBES WHOOSHING)
(GRUNTS)
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
(ANIMALS TRILLING)
Whoa!
CITY INSPECTOR:
Hey, Fern. (CHUCKLES)
How you doing?
(DULLY) Living the dream.
(CHUCKLES)
You know those citations
I just gave you from Firetown?
I was about to send them
to Mrs. Cumulus.
Then get sprayed
for fungus rot.
BOTH: Wait.
Tell him
what you told me
about your dad
and letting him down.
No. That's personal.
It really got to me.
He might feel it too.
Her dad will be sup...
Nope.
...sup...
...super disappointed in her.
Stop it.
He might even be...
(GROANS) ashamed.
What are you doing?
But the main thing is,
if her father can't retire...
(HUFFING RAPIDLY)
...it will be all Ember's f...
Stop talking!
(WATER BUBBLES)
(DESK CREAKS)
Looks like I'm going home
early today.
No, don't.
(TUBE WARBLES)
Expect to get shut down
within a week.
Have a good one.
(GROANS)
Sorry.
(SIGHS)
(GASPS) What?
(BELL JINGLES)
Already?
Hello?
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BERNIE COUGHING)
(GASPS)
(CONTINUES COUGHING)
Oh, no. Dad,
what happened?
We lucky
nobody hurt.
It ruined
Red Dot Sale.
Did he do this?
Who?
The Water guy
I see you chase.
(GROANS)
Oh, uh... Um...
Yeah, he did. Uh...
He just broke
through a pipe.
(CLEARS THROAT)
I don't know why.
Luckily, I was able
to close it off.
I, uh, couldn't
catch him though.
Water, always trying
to water us down.
He was a Water person,
Dad, not just water.
Ah, same thing.
And why is water in pipes?
City shut down
years ago.
There should be
no water.
(COUGHS)
Dad!
Bernie.
We will get through this.
Just like before.
Before?
There is a reason
we left Fire Land.
Oh, Ember,
we loved it there so much.
Most everyone
had a Blue Flame.
And it connected us
all together.
To our traditions.
Our family.
It was hard living.
But your father began
to build a life for us.
We put everything into it.
(WIND HOWLING)
But then a great storm came.
(CRASHING)
(SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING)
All was lost for us.
Your father understood
we had to leave everything.
Our home.
It was the only way
to create a better life.
It was the last time
your father ever
saw his family.
That is why
we came here.
To build all this.
Ashfa,
nothing will happen
to this shop
or the flame again,
I promise.
Mm. Good daughter.
(HIP-HOP SONG PLAYING
ON HEADPHONES)
(FIRE ROARS SOFTLY)
(YELPS) Fire! Fire!
Ah! Fire!
Hey, hey!
Oh, sorry.
You're so hot. (BLOWS)
Excuse me?
No, I mean, like,
you're smoking.
No, I didn't
mean it like that.
Are you done yet?
Yes, please.
I'm waiting to talk
to your boss.
So, make like a stream
and flow somewhere else.
Actually, Gale
won't be in today.
She's a huge
airball fan
and the Windbreakers
are finally
in the playoffs.
Toot toot.
(GROANS)
Okay. Well,
I just came by
because I left
my passes
for the game
here last night.
Passes?
Like, plural?
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(GASPS)
(FANS CHANTING)
(KERNKRAFT 400 (SPORT CHANT
STADIUM REMIX) PLAYING)
(PLAYER GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(SPECTATORS GROAN)
Where is she?
Up there,
in that skybox.
Come on!
(LIGHTNING CRACKLES)
Oh.
Okay. Time to cancel
some tickets.
VENDOR:
Toot Toot juice.
Get your
Toot Toot juice,
get your
Toot Toot juice.
(CHATTER STOPS)
(SLURPS)
You'll be great.
This way.
EMBER: Excuse me.
Jimmy, what's up?
Sorry. Pardon.
Wendy.
Oh. Sorry.
Fire girl coming through.
Break some wind!
(LIGHTNING CRACKLES)
Hi, Gale,
how you doing?
Look at the score,
what do you think?
Blow the ball, not the game!
(LIGHTNING CRACKLES)
(HUFFS) Yeah, so, uh, Gale.
(CHUCKLES)
My name is Ember Lumen.
My family runs a Fire shop.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
Wade wrote us a bunch
of tickets yesterday...
What kind of call was that?
(SPECTATORS GROAN)
Oh, Lumen?
Yeah, a Fire shop
with 30 citations.
Thirty?
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Anyway, friend, I was hoping
we could work something out.
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
Come on, ref!
Are your eyes
in the back of your head?
(SPECTATORS BOOING)
(GRUNTS, GROWLS)
Oh, no.
Yeah, bummer.
Oh, yeah.
Okay, so, the 30 citations.
Do you mind?
There's a game going on.
Fireball.
Fireball?
Actually,
I do mind.
This is my life
we're talking about.
Not just
some game.
Some game?
This is the playoffs.
So, forgive me if I don't want
to hear a sob story
about the problems
of some little shop.
Well, that little shop
matters way more
than a bunch
of overpaid cloud puffs
blowing some ball around.
I dare you,
say "cloud puffs"
one more time.
Cloud puffs.
(BOTH GROWL)
WADE: Oh, no!
(SPECTATORS BOOING)
Lutz!
(BLOWS, GRUNTS)
(SPECTATORS GROAN)
(GASPS)
(CHIMING)
(SPECTATORS BOOING)
Lutz, man.
He's been
in such a funk
'cause his mom
has been sick.
(BOOING)
That is so not cool,
he's doing his best.
(LOUDLY)
We love you, Lutz!
(VOICE CRACKING) Lutz!
Come on!
We love you, Lutz!
Everybody!
ALL: We love you, Lutz!
We love you, Lutz!
Whoa!
(SPECTATORS CHEERING)
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYS)
(PANTING, GRUNTING)
(SPECTATORS CHEERING) Yeah!
(KERNKRAFT 400 (SPORT CHANT
STADIUM REMIX) PLAYING)
(WHISTLE BLOWS)
(CHEERING)
Yay!
Yeah! Way to go, Lutz!
(BLOWS)
WADE: Yeah, Lutz!
That was amazing, Lutz!
(CHUCKLES)
(GRUNTS)
Yeah! Yeah! Yes!
(CHUCKLES)
Whoo-hoo!
Oh.
What a comeback.
Check out who found
the gift shop.
Whoo!
I gotta admit,
that was pretty cool.
You can see why
I can get all churned up,
but as a cloud puff
who used to come here
with her dad,
all these wins mean
a little bit more.
And as a fireball
who's supposed
to take over
her dad's shop,
I sure don't want
to let him down,
and I could use a win, too.
Now, I just got
to stop water
from coming in.
Water? In Firetown?
Yeah.
Water was shut off
to there years ago.
Oh, forget the tickets,
I'm gonna have
to take apart
your dad's shop
to figure out
what's going on.
You can't!
My dad put his whole life
into that place.
(GRUNTS) I bet
this is connected
to that fluffing leak.
Yeah, we've been trying
to track down a leak
in the city.
It's why I was
in the canal and...
Wait, I know
where I got sucked
into Ember's shop.
Ember and I could track
the water
from her shop to find
the source of the leak.
Keep talking.
I could call in a city crew
to fix whatever we find.
Yes. And there'd be
no need to touch
my dad's shop.
You're lucky
you're a cute couple.
Oh, we're not a...
You got until Friday.
If you can find the leak
and get a crew
to fix it by then,
those tickets
are forgiven.
If not, your dad's shop
gets shut down.
Whoo-hoo!
Break wind!
Thank you.
(SIGHS IN RELIEF,
CHUCKLES)
Please take all that off.
But I got you a hat.
(BOOM)
Okay.
EMBER: Just keep out of sight,
okay?
It'd be
a whole thing.
BERNIE: Now water upstairs?
It's in the walls.
I don't understand.
I fix one pipe
and another one leaks.
(GROANS) Water!
(COUGHING)
How could
it be worse?
Now that the water's back,
the pressure is forcing it up
to all your pipes.
We gotta find
the source.
How did you even
end up here?
WADE: Well,
I was in the canals
checking the doors
for leaks,
when I found some water
that shouldn't
have been there.
Rusty with a hint
of motor oil?
There was this
whoosh of water.
(SCREAMS)
And I got sucked
into a filtering system.
Help! (GRUNTS)
But then I heard
this explosion.
(RUMBLING)
(EMBER SCREAMING)
(WADE SCREAMS)
That's how I ended up
at your place.
Oh, flame!
My temper caused this.
So, we're searching
for water
somewhere in a canal?
Those canals go everywhere.
It's why tracking down
that leak
has been so dang hard.
The roof.
(GRUNTS)
(YELPS)
(GRUNTS) You might
want to step back.
(GRUNTS)
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC PLAYING)
Holy dew drop!
Shh. Get in.
(WADE GRUNTS)
(FIRE ROARS)
(CAPTIVATING MUSIC CONTINUES)
(WATER BUBBLING)
(STEAM HISSING)
Okay, that's where
I got sucked in.
More water. Go that way.
(CHUCKLING)
Yeah, right there.
Mm. (LAUGHS) Oh!
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Nothing weird
going on here.
(IN SINGSONG)
Uh, just a little
pruning.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(EMBER SNIFFS)
So, uh, what do you do
at the shop?
If you don't mind me asking.
EMBER: My dad's retiring
and I'll be taking over.
Someday.
When I'm ready. (SIGHS)
WADE: It must be nice knowing
what you're gonna do.
After my dad passed,
I got all, "What's the point?"
Now I just go
from one job
to the next.
There's a word
in Firish.
(SPEAKING FIRISH) Tishok.
It means embrace
the light while it burns
because it won't
always last forever.
(HALTINGLY)
Tee-shook.
Or something like that.
(CHUCKLES)
You okay?
Yeah.
You sure?
It's just,
that building over there,
that's Garden
Central Station.
When I was a kid,
my dad took me there
because they had
a Vivisteria tree.
I'd always wanted to see one.
It's the only flower that can
thrive in any environment.
Fire included.
I was so excited.
But they said our fire
was too dangerous,
and they wouldn't let us in.
(SHOUTS IN FIRISH)
Go back to Fire Land.
EMBER: My dad
was so angry...
Burn somewhere else!
Get outta here!
EMBER: ...and embarrassed.
The building flooded
a few years later.
So, I missed my one chance
to see a Vivisteria.
You must have
been so scared.
I was.
(GROANS) How do
you do that?
Do what?
Draw people in?
You got a whole stadium
to connect with you.
I... I can't even connect
with one customer.
My stupid temper
always kicks in.
I guess I just say
what I feel.
And I don't think
a temper is so bad.
Sometimes when I lose
my temper,
I think it's just me trying
to tell me something
I'm not ready to hear.
That's ridiculous.
Maybe.
Hey, there.
Put us down there.
(THRILLING MUSIC PLAYING)
That's not right.
(SMACKS LIPS)
Motor oil.
Yup, this
is the source.
Why is there
no water?
Because the doors
are broken.
This is supposed
to catch spill over
from those
main canals and...
(SHIP HORN BLOWS)
Run for your life!
(WADE GRUNTS)
(SCREAMS)
Help! (SCREAMING)
(WATER RUMBLING)
Uh...
(GRUNTS)
Grab this!
(GRUNTING)
(WADE GRUNTS)
(PANTING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
EMBER: Firetown.
Catch!
(GRUNTS)
(GROANS)
(GRUNTING)
(GRUNTS)
Ember,
throw me more!
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(SIGHS) Whew.
So, will this hold?
(GRUNTS) Yup.
It should for sure.
At least long
enough for me
to get a city crew
to fix it before Friday.
What?
You've got a little
(CHUCKLES) sand.
Oh.
Here? Here?
It's right there.
Um...
Oh.
(BUBBLES)
Thanks.
Well, let me know
when it's done, I guess.
I'll make sure
there's a city crew
here by Friday.
Okay.
See ya.
Wait.
Any chance
you're free tomorrow?
(NERVOUSLY)
To hang out with a Water guy?
With a Water guy?
My dad would
boil you alive.
He doesn't have to know.
We can meet in the city.
I promise,
nothing weird.
Maybe a little pruning?
(CHUCKLES) Sorry,
that's not going to happen.
You smiled.
I saw it.
Tomorrow, I'll be at
the Alkali Theater. 3:00!
Yeah because
then you know
with the light...
Oh! Your ceiling
is dripping again.
More leaks?
Don't worry.
This whole problem
is going away.
I can feel it.
(GASPS)
And since
we're all good,
I am also going away
to do deliveries.
(SNIFFS) Do I smell
something on Ember?
(CHUCKLES EXCITEDLY)
(BELL JINGLES)
CLOD: Yo, Ember.
(SHOUTS IN SURPRISE)
Clod.
CLOD: I grew
another one.
(GRUNTING) Ow.
(FLOWER PINGS)
My queen.
(EXPLODES, SIZZLES)
Oops, sorry,
but gotta go.
(STEAL THE SHOW
BY LAUV PLAYING)
(VOCALIZING)
(IMPERCEPTIBLE)
Started out
on a one-way train
Always knew where
I was gonna go next
Didn't know
until I saw your face
I was missing out
on every moment
You'll be one
and baby I'll be two
Would you mind it
if I said I'm into you?
I'm into you
So if it's real
Then, darlin'
let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
(VOCALIZING)
You and I, we go together
You're the sky
I'll be the weather
A pretty thing
the sunny rain who knew?
Oh-oh-oh, yeah
Summer night,
perfect occasion
Where am I?
You know I'll be
waitin' for you
Oh, for you
So if it's real
Then, darlin'
let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
(SNIFFS)
If you steal the show
Who is this guy?
Shine
You shine
Like forever
Lasts forever
You shine
and steal the show
(VOCALIZING)
So if it's real
Then, darlin'
let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
Started out
on a one way train
Always knew where
I was gonna go next
So if it's real
Then, darlin', let me know
(SONG FADES)
Whoa.
How'd you do that?
It's the minerals.
Check this out.
(CHUCKLES)
Awesome.
(CALMING NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
Wow.
Watch this.
(CALMING NEW-AGE
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(MUSIC FADES)
(BELL JINGLES)
(BRIGHT MUSIC PLAYING)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
(CRACKLING)
(GRUNTING)
(PATRON
SPEAKING FIRISH)
Another?
(SPEAKING FIRISH)
(RUMBLING)
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
No, no, no, no, no!
The water is back.
(BOTH GRUNTING)
(COUGHING)
(PIPE GROANS)
COURIER: Ember Lumen.
Delivery
for Ember Lumen.
(DRAMATIC MUSIC PLAYING)
Flowers for Ember?
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
(SIZZLES)
Oh, excuse me.
(CHUCKLES)
These are
so beautiful.
I'm gonna go
put these away.
(SUSPENSEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTS, CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
What are you
doing here?
I got bad news.
The sandbags didn't hold.
EMBER: Uh, obviously.
Yeah. And I also
got worse news.
I'd forgotten
a tiny detail
about the last time
I saw that city crew.
You knocked
over three tons
of cement dust.
Half the guys
still haven't
recovered.
(ALL GRUNT ANGRILY)
I guess you could say
they still have
hard feelings
(CHUCKLES) because
they won't help us.
Wade, Gale's deadline
is tomorrow.
We need more sandbags.
But that didn't
work before.
Well, I can't just
do nothing.
Ember, did you
fix leak?
(GASPS) It's you again.
Who? Me?
You're the guy
who started all this.
(YELPS)
No, Dad. Different guy.
Not all Water
looks alike.
You are city inspector?
Uh...
EMBER: No.
Right?
(EMBER CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Right! I am not
an inspector.
(BUBBLING)
You are inspector.
Why you poking around?
Is this because
of water leak?
No. Not because
of water in any way.
(CHUCKLES)
He's a different
kind of inspector.
Right?
Yeah. Yeah. I'm a...
I'm a food inspector.
(IN DEEP VOICE)
I've come to inspect
your food.
Hmm. I think
he's lying through his feet.
Teeth.
Whatever.
Food upstairs. Come.
Food inspector?
I panicked.
(GROANS IN FRUSTRATION)
You really
food inspector?
As far as you know, yeah.
Then inspect this.
Dad.
(SPEAKING FIRISH) E shutsh!
(AMUSING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SNIFFS) Yep, all looks
good to me.
No, no, no,
no, no.
Inspect with
your mouth.
(MUNCHES, BLOWS)
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
(BLOWS, CHUCKLES)
(WHIMPERS)
Ah.
(FIZZES)
(GULPS)
(STIFLED GROAN)
(FOOD THUDS)
(SCREAMS)
(MUFFLED SCREAM)
(BUBBLING)
(MUFFLED GRUNT)
(SCREAMS)
You see?
He likes it.
(COUGHING)
(CHUCKLES)
You must try these.
Straight from Fire Land.
Dad, those are too hot.
(VOICE STRAINS)
I'm okay. I love hot food.
(INHALES) Um.
(BUBBLING)
(STIFLED GRUNTING)
(POPS)
Hey! Watch your water.
So, did we pass?
(VOICE STRAINS)
Mm-hmm. A plus.
(SMACKS LIPS)
Actually,
after the heat
dies down,
that's really good.
If you don't mind.
(SIZZLES)
(GASPS) Mm-mm!
(FIRE ROARS SOFTLY)
(SLURPS, SMACKS LIPS)
See? It's really
tasty if you water it
down a little.
Water us down?
Where's camera?
(CAMERA CLICKS)
We will never be
watered down by you.
Get out!
All right, sir,
you gotta go.
(BERNIE SIGHS IN ANGER)
(EXCLAIMS IN FIRISH)
Dad, don't worry.
I've got this.
(SPEAKING FIRISH)
Look, meet me
at the beach
and we'll make
more sandbags.
We have to figure out
how to fix those doors.
Water want
to water us down?
Then Water no longer
allowed in shop.
He is panned.
Um, banned.
Banned!
(COUGHING)
Ashfa, it's okay.
It's all going
to be okay.
(EMBER GRUNTS)
WADE: I don't think
this is going
to work.
Well, it won't
unless you hold
the bag straight.
Maybe your dad
will understand.
(SCOFFS)
I'm serious.
Look, I know
it can be tough.
I mean,
with my dad,
we were like
oil and water.
I never got a chance
to fix that.
But you guys
are different.
It might be time
to tell him.
Yeah, right.
And tell him what?
That I got us
shut down
and destroyed
his dream?
(SHOUTS IN FRUSTRATION)
(PANTING)
(SIGHS)
I think
I'm failing.
My Ashfa should
have retired years ago,
but he doesn't think
I'm ready.
You have no idea
how hard they've worked.
Or what they've
had to endure.
Family they
left behind.
How do you repay
a sacrifice that big?
It all feels
like a burden.
How can I
say that?
I'm a bad daughter.
Hey, no.
(SOBS)
You're doing
your best.
(SNIFFLES, SIGHS)
I'm a mess.
Nah. I think
you're even more beautiful.
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Maybe you're right
when you said
my temper is me trying
to tell me something.
(SIZZLES)
Whoa.
Look what
your fire did
to the sand.
It's glass.
(SIGHS)
(SIZZLING AND CLINKING)
It looks like
a Vivisteria flower.
I know
how to seal
those doors.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(FIRE WHOOSHING)
(CRACKLING, BUBBLING)
(EMBER GRUNTING)
(ROUSING MUSIC PLAYING)
Yes.
(GRUNTING LOUDLY)
(PANTING)
(GLASS TINKLING)
Are you crying?
Yes.
I've just never
been punched
in the face
with beauty before.
(LAUGHING, GASPS)
(RUMBLING)
(SHIP HORN BLOWS)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(BARRIER THUDS)
It worked!
I'll have Gale
come by
right after work.
I'll let you know
the second
I hear anything.
You think this will be
good enough for her?
Honestly,
it's hard to know.
She could go
either way.
Oh.
Here. I saved this for you.
It's special.
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SOFT TINKLING)
(BERNIE COUGHING)
(GASPS)
Ashfa, you okay?
Yes, yes.
Just too much to fix.
I'll take
care of it.
You need to rest,
and that's an order.
Yes, ma'am.
(BOTH LAUGH)
Ember, I see
a change in you.
Happier,
calmer with customers
and with that
food inspector.
Always putting
shop first.
You prove
I can trust you.
(COUGHING)
I'm so lucky
I have you.
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SNORES, SNIFFS)
Love?
(BELL JINGLES)
(ENGINE REVS)
(SNIFFING)
(INTRIGUING FUSION
MUSIC PLAYING)
Ember, you found it.
Everything okay?
Please tell me
that you have
some good news
from Gale.
I'm getting really worried
about my dad.
This has to break
my way.
Yeah,
I haven't heard
from her yet,
but she swore
she'd call tonight.
Actually, my family
stopped by for dinner.
You want
to come up
and wait
for the call
together?
Your family?
(CINDER SNIFFING)
(GRUNTING DISAPPROVINGLY)
EMBER: Um...
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Okay. I'll...
I'll come up
for a bit.
(GASPS, GROWLS)
I'm sorry,
you live here?
It's my mom's place.
EMBER:
Oh, my gosh!
(CHUCKLES)
I'm afraid
I can't let you in.
Residents
and guests only.
Ah! Okay.
I understand.
(CINDER GRUNTING)
You're surprisingly
good at your job.
fast for your age.
You have no idea.
(WIND HOWLS)
Ember! Oh,
I'm so excited
to finally meet you.
Do we hug,
or wave, or...?
Don't want
to put you out.
(CHUCKLES)
Um, a hello
is fine.
Hardly.
Wade hasn't stopped
talking about you
since the day
you met.
The boy
is smitten.
Mom.
Oh, come on.
I'm your mother.
I know
when something's
lighting you up.
I just didn't know
she'd be so smoky.
(FAKE-COUGHS)
(BOTH LAUGHING)
(EMBER LAUGHS
UNCOMFORTABLY)
Come this way,
meet the rest
of the family.
(GASPS)
(MELLOW JAZZ MUSIC PLAYING)
(WATER LAPPING)
Hmm.
Oh.
Oh, honey,
you won't believe
what your
baby niece
did today.
She...
She smiled.
No, she didn't.
(BOTH SOBBING)
WADE'S MOM:
Yeah.
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
Hey, everyone,
this is Ember.
Hey!
That's my brother Alan
and his wife Eddy.
Hi.
And we got
two kids
that are swimmin'
around here somewhere.
Marco! Polo!
What?
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Hi, Uncle Wade!
Do you die
if you fall
in water?
Whoa!
Marco!
Kids, (CHUCKLES) right?
(MARCO GRUNTS)
Don't hate us.
Anyway, that's my
little sib, Lake,
and her girlfriend, Ghibli.
GHIBLI: 'Sup!
They're student
s at Element City
School for the Arts.
Yeah. Following
in Mom's wake.
Oh, nonsense.
I'm just an architect.
The real artist
is my brother, Harold.
Oh, I just dabble
in watercolors.
Or as we like
to call them,
"colors."
Oh, don't listen to him.
He's a wonderful painter.
One of his paintings
just got
in the Element City Museum's
permanent collection.
Wow, that is so cool.
My only talent
is "Clean up
on aisle four."
(CHUCKLES)
Talk about being modest.
Ember's got
an incredible
creative flame.
I've never seen
anything like it.
I just have to say
that you speak
so well and clear.
(CHUCKLES FORCEDLY)
Yeah, it's amazing
what talking
in the same language
your entire life can do.
Oh!
Uh, hey, Ember,
did, uh,
Wadey here
ever tell you
that he's deathly
afraid of sponges?
No.
WADE:
I was traumatized.
Huh?
Huh.
(SCREAMS)
(ALL LAUGHING)
I still can't
use a sponge
around him.
I was stuck
in there
for hours.
(LAUGHS)
Oh.
Alan! That was new.
ALAN: My bad.
I'm all whirlpools tonight.
I can fix it.
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SQUELCHING)
(INHALES DEEPLY, BLOWS)
Oh, um...
Sorry.
That was incredible!
(ALL EXCLAIM)
It's just
melted glass.
Just melted glass?
Every building
in the new city
is built from
just melted glass.
Oh, no, you have to do
something with that talent.
See, I told you,
you're special.
(CHUCKLES SOFTLY)
(BUBBLING)
(GASPS)
Ooh, thought bubble.
Maybe after
dinner we play
The Crying Game?
(CLAMORING)
Yes, yes, yes.
Let me guess,
you try to cry?
We try not to cry.
You have
one minute. Go!
1979. November. You were...
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYS)
(BAWLING)
(CHEERING)
(GROANING)
Never got a chance
to say goodbye to Nana.
(CONTINUES BAWLING)
Damn, you're good.
Okay, Ember,
Wade, you're up.
Yeah, this is
almost unfair
because I have
literally never cried.
You got no chance.
Sounds like
a challenge.
Ready, go!
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYS)
Butterfly, windshield wipers,
half a butterfly.
(BOTH SNIFFLING)
(SOBS)
Okay.
An old man
on his deathbed
remembers the summer
he fell in love.
She was out
of his league
and he was young
and scared.
(SNIFFLES)
He let her go,
thinking surely
summer would come again.
(SNIFFLING)
It never did.
Almost out of time.
Ember,
when I met you,
I thought I was drowning.
But that light,
that light inside you
has made me feel so alive.
And all I want now
is to be near it.
Near you.
Together.
(DREAMY NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
(WHOOSHES)
(SIZZLES)
ALL: Aw.
(PHONE RINGING)
Hello?
Gale, hi.
Glass? You repaired it
with glass?
Hold the storm.
Hey!
(GRUNTS)
(CLANKS)
Tempered glass.
Solid as a rock,
I like it.
Consider the tickets
cancelled.
We did it?
Yup!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Awesome! Whoo!
Oh.
(CHUCKLES NERVOUSLY)
Oh. Um...
(LAUGHS)
(WADE GROANS)
Thank you,
Mrs. Ripple.
This was...
This was really great.
Yeah, it was.
And I mean
what I said
about your talent.
I have a friend
who runs
the best
glassmaking firm
in the world.
During dinner,
I slipped out
and I made a call
and I told her
about you.
They're looking
for an intern.
It could be
an amazing opportunity.
For real?
It's a long way
from the city,
but it would be
an incredible start.
You have a bright future.
Look at me,
I have an original Ember.
(CHUCKLES)
Hold up,
I'll walk you out.
(BREATHLESSLY)
I'm afraid
you're going to have
to wait out here, ma'am.
And I'm afraid...
(PANTING)
I will throw up.
(CINDER GROANS)
(GROANS)
(BURBLES)
WADE:
Ember.
Ember, hold up,
what's going on?
I can't believe
she basically
offered me a job.
I know!
Could be cool.
Yeah,
super cool, Wade.
I could move out
and make glass
in a faraway city.
Do whatever I want.
I don't understand.
I'm going home.
Fine, then
I'm going with you.
(EMBER GROANS)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(PEOPLE YELP)
A Water guy?
(MID-TEMPO MUSIC PLAYING)
(BIKE ACCELERATING)
Look, my mom
was just trying
to be helpful.
She doesn't know
how excited
you are to run the shop.
(SHOUTS IN FRUSTRATION)
What is the matter?
Nothing!
Yeah? 'Cause we're going,
like, a thousand...
Bus!
(TIRES SCREECH)
(WADE YELPS)
You don't know me,
Wade. Okay?
So stop pretending
like you do.
What is this about?
Nothing.
Everything.
I don't know. It's...
(CLICKS)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(EMBER PANTS)
I don't think
I actually do want
to run the shop.
Okay?
That's what
my temper has been
trying to tell me.
I'm trapped.
(SIGHS) You know
what's crazy?
Even when
I was a kid,
I would pray
to the Blue Flame
to be good enough to fill
my father's shoes someday
because this place
is his dream.
But I never
once asked...
what I wanted to do.
(SIGHS)
I think that's
because deep down,
I knew it didn't matter.
Because the only way
to repay
a sacrifice so big
is by sacrificing
your life too.
CINDER: Ember!
(GASPS)
Don't move.
Oh, blaze!
My mother.
(CINDER PANTING)
(FOOTSTEPS CLANKING
ON STAIRS)
Mom, it's okay.
He's just a friend.
Si...
Silence!
(GASPS)
I could smell you
from over there.
Oh, you stink.
What are you
talking about?
CINDER: You know
what I'm talking about.
(SNIFFS)
You're smelling
love on me?
If your father
find out...
Fire and Water
cannot be together.
I prove it.
Come with me.
I splash this
on your heart
to bring love
to the surface.
(SIZZLES)
(GRUNTS)
(SLURPS) Mmm!
And then you
must light these
with your fire,
and I read
the smoke.
(SNIFFS)
(SIZZLES)
(PLAYFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
See, Ember?
It cannot be.
Actually...
What are you doing?
(SLOSHING)
(INTRIGUING MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIZZLES)
(SNIFFS DEEPLY)
BERNIE: Cinder?
Who down there?
(ALL GASP)
It's my dad.
You have to go.
Wait, are we a match? (YELPS)
What's going on?
I wake up
and nobody upstairs.
It was just me.
(DOOR SHUTS)
(WADE GRUNTS)
I was double-checking
the locks. (CHUCKLES)
And Mom
came down and...
Yes, and we,
uh, began looking
at this door.
We don't talk
about this door enough.
(WHISPERS)
Pull it together.
Well, since
you're awake,
I was gonna
tell you tomorrow,
but I'm too
excited to sleep.
In two days,
I retire.
Ooh.
(GASPS) Oh, Bernie.
Two days?
Yes. We're going
to throw big party.
A grand reopening.
That way I can tell
whole world
my daughter take over.
(CINDER LAUGHING)
And I have gift
for you.
I've had this for a while,
but after our talk,
I know now
is the time.
Before I give it to you,
I need you to understand
what it means to me.
(SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING)
When I left Fire Land,
I gave my father
the Ba Kso...
the big bow.
It is the highest
form of respect.
But my father
did not return the bow.
Did not give me
his blessing.
He say,
if we leave Fire Land,
we will lose who we are.
(CRYING)
They never got
to see all of this.
They didn't
get to see
that I never forgot
we are Fire.
This is burden
I still carry.
Ember,
it is important
that you know
you have my blessing
every day you come in here.
So I have this
made for you.
Wow, Ashfa.
It's gonna be
big, bright.
Everyone's gonna
see this.
"Ember's Fireplace."
We unveil it
at grand reopening.
(LAUGHS BOISTEROUSLY)
Come, Bernie.
You need your rest.
(BERNIE COUGHS)
(SIGN BUZZING)
(SNIFFS, CRYING)
(SHIP HORN BLOWS)
(CRACKING)
Ember, so,
what'd your mom say
about our reading?
Nothing.
Look, I have
a gift for you.
And you came
all the way here
to give it to me?
Wait, why are you
giving me gifts?
Oh, no.
No, no, no, no, no, no.
Hold on, I think I have
something to show you.
Just give me
two seconds.
And you're gonna need
a pair of boots.
(MYSTERIOUS MUSIC PLAYING)
Wade, what are we
doing here?
Just wait.
Why do
they even
have these?
Eh, who knows?
(SIGN CLATTERS)
Hey,
it's my favorite
fireball.
Hey, Gale.
What's going on?
I know you think
you have to end this,
but that
flooded tunnel,
it goes
to the main terminal.
Okay.
Do you still want
to see a Vivisteria?
Gale?
(INHALES DEEPLY)
(BLOWS)
Wait, I'm supposed
to get in there?
The air
should last...
At least 20 minutes.
They said
you couldn't
go in there.
Why does anyone
get to tell you
what you can do
in your life?
(SIGHS)
(WATER BUBBLING)
(GRUNTS FEROCIOUSLY)
(SOOTHING NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
(BLOWING)
(HUFFING RAPIDLY)
(EMBER GRUNTS)
Whoa.
(SOOTHING NEW-AGE
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BREATHING SHAKILY)
(SLOSHING)
(SOOTHING NEW-AGE
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SLOSHING)
(EMBER LAUGHS)
(MUSIC BUILDS)
(MUSIC TEMPO LOOSENS)
A Vivisteria.
(PEACEFUL NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
Whoa.
(LAUGHING)
(BUBBLING, SIZZLING)
(GASPS)
(GRIMACES) Ouch.
Hey,
you're running
out of air.
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(EMBER GASPING RAPIDLY)
Almost there. Try to breathe
slow and steady.
(WADE GRUNTS)
(EMBER GASPING)
(BOTH GRUNT)
(BOTH PANTING)
I'm so sorry.
I should never...
Are you kidding?
That was amazing!
I finally saw
a Vivisteria!
(GIGGLING)
It was inspiring.
You were inspiring.
(GENTLE NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
No. Wade, we...
we can't touch.
Maybe we can.
No.
But can't
we just prove it?
Prove what?
Let's see
what happens,
and if it's a disaster,
then we'll know
this would never work.
But it actually
could be a disaster.
I could vaporize you.
You... You could
extinguish me, and then...
Let's...
Let's start small.
(YELPS, GRUNTS)
(SIGHS)
(BUBBLING)
(FIRE ROARS)
(SIZZLES)
(GASPS)
(GENTLE NEW-AGE
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SIZZLES)
(BUBBLING)
(SIZZLING)
(GENTLE NEW-AGE
MUSIC CONTINUES)
I'm so lucky.
(ELECTRICITY BUZZES)
I'm so lucky
I have you.
(ELECTRICITY BUZZING)
(BUZZING INTENSIFIES)
(GASPS)
I have to go.
Wait, what?
Where are you going?
EMBER: Back to my life
at the shop where I belong.
I take over
tomorrow.
Whoa, whoa,
whoa, hold up.
You don't want that,
you said so yourself.
It doesn't matter
what I want.
Of course
it does.
Listen. Listen.
You've got
an opportunity
to do something
you want with your life.
"Want"?
Yeah, that may work
in your rich kid,
"follow your heart"
family,
but getting to do
what you want is a luxury
and not for people
like me.
Why not?
Just tell your father
how you feel.
This is too important.
Maybe he'll agree.
(CHUCKLES SCORNFULLY)
Yeah.
Funny.
And this whole time,
I thought you
were so strong,
but turns out
you're just afraid.
Don't you dare
judge me.
You don't know
what it's like
to have parents
who gave up
everything for you.
I'm Fire, Wade.
I can't be anything
more than that.
It's what I am
and what my family is.
It's our way of life.
I cannot throw all of that
away just for you.
I don't understand.
(BELL CLANGS)
And that alone
is a reason
this could never work.
It's over, Wade.
(TRAIN HORN BLOWS)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(CRIES SOFTLY)
(LAUGHING)
(UPBEAT FUSION MUSIC PLAYING)
(BELL JINGLES)
Everyone, welcome.
It is good
to see your faces.
I am honored
to have served you,
but it's time
to move on.
Come.
My daughter,
you are the Ember
of our family fire.
That is why
I am so proud
to have you take over
my life's work.
(POPS, FIZZING)
(CROWD EXCLAIMS)
(APPLAUDING AND CHEERING)
Pretty good
trick, huh?
This is lantern I bring
from old country.
Today, I pass it on to you.
(SOFT MUSIC PLAYING)
WADE: I thought
of other reasons.
Wade?
(CROWD GASPING)
Oh, boy.
What are you
doing here?
You said
me not understanding
is the reason
we can never work.
But I thought
of other reasons.
A bunch of 'em.
Like, number one,
you're Fire,
I'm Water.
I mean, come on,
that's crazy.
Right?
(WOMAN ASSENTS)
Who is this?
No idea.
Number two,
I'm crashing
your party.
Like, what kind
of a jerk am I?
A pretty big one.
Right?
Number three,
I can't eat
your delicious foods.
(SIZZLES, THUDS)
(GURGLING)
(VOICE STRAINS)
Ooh, very unpleasant.
Wait, I know him.
He is food inspector.
Oh, right.
Number four,
I'm banned
from your father's shop.
There are
a million reasons
why this can't work.
A million nos.
But there's also
one yes,
we touched.
(ALL GASP)
And when we did,
something happened to us,
something impossible.
We changed
each other's chemistry.
BERNIE: Enough!
What kind of
food inspection
is this?
A food inspection
of the heart, sir.
Who are you?
Just a guy
who burst
into your daughter's life
in a flooded old basement.
So you are the one
who burst the pipes?
What? Not me.
It was...
You?
You burst
the pipe?
I...
Ember.
Silence!
No!
Take the chance.
Let your father know
who you really are.
Look, I had regrets
when my dad died.
But because of you,
I learned
to embrace the light
while it burns.
(SPEAKING FIRISH) Tishok.
You don't have forever
to say what you need to say.
I love you,
Ember Lumen.
(CROWD GASPS, MURMURS)
And I'm pretty sure
you love me too.
No, Wade, I don't.
(CRACKING)
That's not true.
I did their reading.
(CROWD GASPS)
Bernie, it's love.
It's true love.
No, Mom, you're wrong.
Wade, go.
But, Ember...
I don't love you.
(CRACKING)
Go! (SOBS)
You have been
seeing Water?
(COUGHS)
Ashfa, I...
You caused leak in shop?
I trusted you.
You will not
take over the shop.
(COUGHING)
I no longer retire.
(ALL GASP)
(CROWD MURMURING)
(MELANCHOLY MUSIC PLAYING)
(BROODING NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYS)
(BIKE ENGINE ROARING)
(BROODING NEW-AGE
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(SIZZLING)
(SIGHS)
Why can't I just
be a good daughter?
(SIGHS)
(GRUNTS,
BREATHING HEAVILY)
(DISTANT RUMBLING)
(TENSE MUSIC PLAYING)
(CRACKS, SHATTERS)
Firetown.
(TIRES SCREECH)
(ENGINE ROARS)
Well, one-way ticket
to anywhere but here.
Go. Travel the world.
Heal that
broken heart.
My little drip,
drip baby boy.
(CRYING)
(SINGING)
Drip, drip, drip
goes the baby boy
(BAWLING)
I made you
a painting.
(VOICE SHAKES)
It's of a lonely man
(IN HIGH-PITCHED VOICE)
awash in sadness.
(ALL BAWLING)
(EMERGENCY SIREN WAILING)
Ember.
(THRILLING FUSION
MUSIC PLAYING)
(ENGINE ROARING)
(GASPS)
EMBER: Mom, Dad!
(ENGINE ROARING)
(GASPS)
(ENGINE ACCELERATES)
(TIRES SCREECH)
(THRILLING FUSION
MUSIC CONTINUES)
(GRUNTS)
Water's coming!
(YELPING)
Watch out!
Behind you!
Climb! Climb!
(PEOPLE SCREAMING)
Flash flood!
Hurry!
Mom, water!
Get to higher ground!
(GASPS)
Bernie!
Huh?
(TIRES SCREECH)
(SIZZLES)
(GRUNTS IN PAIN)
(ENGINE REVS)
(GRUNTS)
(SHOUTS)
(BOTH YELPING)
(GRUNTS) The flame!
Let me go!
(GASPS)
(GRUNTING)
Ember, no!
(VEHICLE CREAKS)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(SIZZLES)
(WADE SPEAKING INDISTINCTLY)
Wade?
Keyhole.
(GRUNTS)
I was hoping
to make a more
heroic entrance.
You came back,
after everything I said.
Are you kidding?
And miss all this?
(GASPS)
Hold the door.
(STRAINING)
(GRUNTING)
(GASPS)
(EMBER GRUNTS)
No! No.
No, no, no, no,
no, no, no.
(GLASS SHATTERS)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
Ember,
we have to go!
We have to go now!
I can't leave.
I'm sorry to say this,
but the shop is done.
The flame is done.
No! This is
my father's whole life.
I'm not
going anywhere.
(WINDOWS SHATTER)
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(GASPING)
Throw me
that lantern.
(GRUNTS)
(OBJECTS CLATTERING)
No.
No, no, no,
no, no, no.
Oh, Wade.
(CHUCKLES)
Thank you,
thank you.
(SIZZLING)
Aah!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTING)
(EMBER PANTING)
(BUBBLING)
(PENSIVE MUSIC PLAYS)
It's too hot
in here.
(THRILLING MUSIC PLAYING)
Climb!
(WATER CRASHES)
Back up! Back up!
(GRUNTS)
(GRUNTS, GASPS)
(BUBBLING)
(GRUNTING)
(ROCKS CRUMBLING)
(FIRE WHOOSHES)
I have to open that up.
WADE: No!
The water will come in
and you'll be snuffed out.
But you're evaporating.
I don't know what to do.
It's okay.
No, it's not okay!
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(SIZZLES)
Ember,
I have no regrets.
You gave me something
people search for
their whole lives.
But I can't exist
in a world without you.
(SOBS) I'm sorry
I didn't say it before.
(SNIFFLES)
I love you, Wade.
(BUBBLING)
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
I really do love it
when your light does that.
(SIZZLING)
(SOLEMN MUSIC PLAYING)
(GRUNTING)
WOMAN: They're in the hearth!
(GASPS)
(GRUNTS)
(SOLEMN MUSIC CONTINUES)
Wade is gone.
Oh, my daughter.
He saved me. (SIGHS)
Dad...
this is all
my fault. (CRIES)
The shop...
Wade.
(CONTINUES CRYING)
I need to tell you
the truth.
I don't want
to run the shop.
I know that was your dream,
but it's not mine.
I'm sorry.
I'm a bad daughter.
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Ember,
the shop was never
the dream.
You were the dream.
You were always
the dream.
(CRYING)
I loved him, Dad.
(EMBER CONTINUES CRYING)
(WADE CRIES DISTANTLY)
(CLUNKS)
Butterfly.
Windshield wipers.
Half a butterfly.
(WADE CRYING)
(CLUNKING)
An old man
on his deathbed
remembers the summer
he fell in love.
(WADE SOBBING)
She was out of his league
and he was young
and scared.
(CHUCKLES)
He let her go,
thinking surely
summer would
come again.
It never did.
(WADE CRYING)
You are perfect match.
Ten out of ten.
(CRYING INTENSIFIES)
I don't understand.
What's going on?
Just say something
to make Water guy
cry, okay?
Um... Uh...
You are no
longer panned.
WADE: Banned.
Banned.
(WADE CRIES INTENSELY)
I want to explore the world
with you, Wade Ripple.
I want to have you
with me in my life.
Forever.
(HOPEFUL MUSIC PLAYING)
(BUBBLING)
WADE: Whoa!
Your, uh, chimney
needs cleaning.
(GASPING)
(SIZZLES)
(CHUCKLES)
(PEACEFUL NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
I knew it.
My nose always knows.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(INDISTINCT CHATTER)
(SLOSHING)
If you were a vegetable,
you'd be a cute-cumber.
(GRUNTS)
(FLOWER PINGS)
(GASPS)
My queen.
(GIGGLES)
Ah! I can't believe
I was gonna shut
this place down.
(CHUCKLES) Whoa. Sorry.
(OBJECTS RATTLE)
(GASPS) Fern,
you're a Windbreakers fan?
Toot toot.
(IN FLIRTY TONE) Toot toot.
Oy, you know
what I like best
about running
this shop?
Not having to eat
Bernie's kol-nuts?
(ALL LAUGHING)
Sorry,
I couldn't hear you
through my retirement.
(ALL LAUGHING)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(BELL JINGLES)
Ooh!
(CHILDREN LAUGHING)
(BLOWING)
(BELL JINGLES)
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
Hey!
Hi, Wade.
Hey, Wade! Yo, yo, yo!
(WADE CHUCKLES)
Ember, it's time.
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
You know, I...
I'm not really one
for tearful goodbyes.
(SOBS) Oh, Wade.
You big liar. (SOBS)
(SINGING)
Drip, drip, drip
BOTH:
Goes the baby boy
(BOTH BAWLING)
Uh, are you sure
about this one?
I'm sure.
Dad,
I'm sorry
the internship
is so far away.
I mean,
it's the best glass design
company in the world,
but who knows
if it'll become
a real job.
I'll be back
in a few months anyway,
and it might not
end up being anything...
Ay-yah. Shh.
Go, start new life.
Your mother and I
will be here.
Now, with more time
for hanky-panky.
(SPEAKING FIRISH) E shutsh!
(ALL LAUGHING)
(SHIP HORN HONKS)
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC PLAYING)
(CINDER GASPS)
(SENTIMENTAL MUSIC CONTINUES)
(BREATHES DEEPLY)
(STEAL THE SHOW
BY LAUV PLAYING)
(VOCALIZING)
Started out
on a one-way train
Always knew where
I was gonna go next
Didn't know
until I saw your face
I was missing out
on every moment
You'll be one and
baby, I'll be two
Would you mind it
if I said I'm into you?
I'm into you
So if it's real
Then, darlin', let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
(VOCALIZING)
You and I
we go together
You're the sky
I'll be the weather
A pretty thing, the sun
and rain, who knew?
Oh-oh-oh, yeah
Summer night
perfect occasion
Where am I?
You know
I'll be waitin' for you
Oh, for you
So if it's real
Then, darlin', let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
(VOCALIZING)
So if it's real
Then, darlin', let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
You shine
Like forever
Lasts forever
You shine
You shine and steal the show
(VOCALIZING)
So if it's real
Then, darlin', let me know
(VOCALIZING)
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
Started out
on a one-way train
Always knew where
I was gonna go next
So if it's real
Didn't know
until I saw your face
Then, darlin', let me know
You'll be one and
baby, I'll be two
Would you mind it
if I said I'm into you?
I wouldn't mind
If you steal the show
(SONG ENDS)
(PEACEFUL NEW-AGE
MUSIC PLAYING)
(TRANQUIL NEW-AGE